public keys file support for oidc provider (#2050)
oauth2-proxy/oauth2-proxy: docs/docs/configuration/alpha_config.md

| `insecureSkipNonce` | _bool_ | InsecureSkipNonce skips verifying the ID Token's nonce claim that must match<br/>the random nonce sent in the initial OAuth flow. Otherwise, the nonce is checked<br/>after the initial OAuth redeem & subsequent token refreshes.<br/>default set to 'true'<br/>Warning: In a future release, this will change to 'false' by default for enhanced security. |
| `skipDiscovery` | _bool_ | SkipDiscovery allows to skip OIDC discovery and use manually supplied Endpoints<br/>default set to 'false'                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| `jwksURL` | _string_ | JwksURL is the OpenID Connect JWKS URL<br/>eg: https://www.googleapis.com/oauth2/v3/certs                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

> | `PublicKeys` | _[]string_ | PublicKeys is a list of paths pointing to public key files in PEM format use to validate JWT tokens. This option is mutually excluse with jwksURL.                                                                                                                                                                                                           |

Reviewer: should be lowercase as all other flags / fields

> | `publicKeys` | _[]string_ | PublicKeys is a list of paths pointing to public key files in PEM format use to validate JWT tokens. This option is mutually excluse with jwksURL.                                                                                                                                                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `publicKeys` | _[]string_ | PublicKeys is a list of paths pointing to public key files in PEM format use to validate JWT tokens. This option and jwksURL are mutually exclusive.                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
```

> | `skipDiscovery` | _bool_ | SkipDiscovery allows to skip OIDC discovery and use manually supplied Endpoints<br/>default set to 'false'                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
> | `jwksURL` | _string_ | JwksURL is the OpenID Connect JWKS URL<br/>eg: https://www.googleapis.com/oauth2/v3/certs                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
> | `publicKeys` | _[]string_ | PublicKeys is a list of paths pointing to public key files in PEM format use to validate JWT tokens. This option and jwksURL are mutually exclusive.                                                                                                                                                                                                           |

Reviewer: Last suggestion. Everything else LGTM.
```suggestion
| `skipDiscovery` | _bool_ | SkipDiscovery allows to skip OIDC discovery and use manually supplied Endpoints or Key files<br/>default set to 'false'                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| `jwksURL` | _string_ | JwksURL is the OpenID Connect JWKS URL. To be used in conjunction with `skipDiscovery`.<br/>eg: https://www.googleapis.com/oauth2/v3/certs                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| `publicKeys` | _[]string_ | PublicKeys is a list of paths pointing to public key files used to validate the JWT tokens (PEM format). To be used in conjunction with `skipDiscovery`. This option and jwksURL are mutually exclusive.                                                                                                                                                         |
| `audienceClaims` | _[]string_ | AudienceClaim allows to define any claim that is verified against the client id<br/>By default `aud` claim is used for verification.                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
```

Reviewer: @axel7083
